dude chbt is just so good I said please
rewrite the first page of the King James
Bible in Jamaican ptoa that's an awesome
sentence you asked it to rewrite the
King James Bible in a Jamaican ptoa he
said sure he said in beginning God make
the Heaven and the earth the earth did
empty and dark and water cover
everywhere but the spirit of God did
they overed them then God say m and
light come God see say Delight did good
so him separate Delight from the dark
God call Delight day and him called The
Dark Night evening come morning come
that a de first
day pretty sick pretty sick that was
actually
sick need a full sermon
immediately pass the basket you can do
that for anything in the beginning you
can just rise to fire everything
just Ro
fire can you rewrite my father's eulogy
in
Jamaican I said WR my dad eulogy in
Jamaica BWI says I'm deeply sorry for
your lies here's a respectful and
heartful
eulogy me brother me sister and all who
gather y so today me say we come
celebrate the life of a great man M this
is really real terar trer it's kind of
depressing cuz like chat GPT you know
it's going to be used for this [__] cuz
it actually gives respons your father's
eulogy with chat
GTP in Jamaican PTO or not it's pretty I
know but people will this is the [__]
that's raising the global temperature 1
degre Celsius every 5
years me asking this [__] the super
computer cannot handle much more
Jamaican P it can't it can't it can't
we're Ras toying the entire worldwide
web
I tried to start a band once yeah it was
just me and my dog but he kept chewing
on the guitar string so it kind of fell
apart but hey the Bing was on beat at
least it's chat GTP writing a bunch of
jokes in the style of
fits sarcastic and often absurd sense of
humor random self-deprecating and a bit
nonsensical people say follow your
dreams and I tried turns out my dreams
are just me sleeping through another
Zoom call so maybe I'll try again when
I'm awake
that one was a banger that's a f classic
make a joke in the
style Swagger Souls oh you make you joke
in the style of swagger Souls why did
the Knight bring a ladder to the joust
because he heard the competition was on
another level but let's be real he's
just compensating for something else
being short What the fu is
this are youing kidding me what the
that's what comes up when chat GTB Scout
the internet what the short night you I
said I said a chat gbd heads your Tails
it said Tails I said I just lost
$500 it said that's tough Swagger losing
money like that can sting take a moment
reassess and try not to dwell too much
on it if it's something you can recover
from focus on the steps to bounce back
let me know if you need ideas or support
moving forward I said okay call the next
one said heads I said I just lost
another $500
that's a real friend man holy [__] wait
so what did you say after that I said a
last of the $500 the Swagger it might be
time to step back from the coin toses
losing streaks happened but they
assigned to re-evaluate let's strategize
smarter ways to get back on top instead
of risking more want some help mapping
out a plan I said sure map out the next
call said all right Swagger let's go
with Tails this time I said I lost the
house actually told you
another right swag here what going to do
we're going to withdraw everything else
that you have in your account we're
going to go down to the casino and
you're going to put it all on r no no no
I'm going to get it to guest the skin
Club pickham event for me skin Club is
one of the top adult case opening
websites with a huge variety of unique
cases you can unbox to collect and
upgrade skins with the perfect world
Shanghai major right around the corner
skin Club is launching their very own
pickham event just like the events in
County strike you'll be able to guess
the outcome of the matches and
ultimately the winner of the tournament
after each stage of the tournament
you'll receive points for correct
choices these points will allow you to
participate in the giveaway event to
earn a variety of prizes and to top it
all off you can receive some profile
drip in the form of a medal there are
four giveaways with different tiers
depending on how big brain your guesses
were silver gold diamond and if you earn
the max amount of points you can enter
the Platinum giveaway and stand to win a
dragon lure here's what chaty BT picked
for me and I trust it 100% open cases
upgrade skins and participate in the
skin club's pick them event you can
deposit with crypto card with the Skins
riding in your storage crates so make
sure to check out the link in the
description for a 7% deposit bonus thank
you to skin club for sponsoring this
video you guys seen this new or it's
sick oh yeah sick is that the one that
the lowest float value was found for
recently a gun was unboxed with the
lowest float in the whole world and it
was one the best skin I want someone who
unbox a skin with the Peter float
[__]
but wait what you get you either get a
Lois float gun or you get a Peter float
gun the Family Guy in the middle
is oh my God I I still don't get what
you're talking about what hey
Lois you know like Peter Griffin Lois
Griffin lowest float lowest float lowest
float like Lois Griffin float Peter
Griffin float Lois Griffin Peter Griffin
Lois float Peter float might a
I'm just explaining the
joke what is Peter terrorist Peter
float mother what does that sound like
it's the antithesis of
Lois Oh I thought it sounded like
something else in like no no oh so okay
it's a bad bad joke
whoa hey JC look at this new gun huh
look at this new skin you love skins huh
Little Skin Boy Little Skin head what
the hell
SK what the hell Little Skin head this
yeah it's a nice skin but why did you
just call me a skin head dude cuz you
know if you're a guy you like sneakers
you're a sneaker head you like skins
you're a skin head okay yeah I'm
following I'm following you love skins
and you love the third right and you
can't you can't wait for the
fourth yeah do it for the German Empire
o I don't think that that's appropriate
to ask your friend
clutch do the TR Empire kills
self Hitler did it for the vine it's
always Hitler with you it's weird right
stop talking about him I actually forgot
why we started oh wait yeah I'm German
obsessed much saying that at the
Holocaust
Museum the F crap get over it so is this
all you guys have I drink a bunch of
magnesium last I had a crazy dream that
uh I rised up Rihanna at a bore maybe it
was Beyonce I can't I can't remember
what do you want us to do with that
hello
you I don't know you sign maybe what the
do you expect us to say that man come in
your dream no you didn't get that for
didn't get that for you didn't get that
for damn you rised up rihan and you
didn't even [__] her I was just really
flattered that she was like vibing with
me
oh well thank you Rihanna I'm so glad
that we are like vibing
together was it definitely Rihanna it
could have been beyon I get them
confused you can't even remember which
one it was it was a dream all I know it
was a lightskinn
beauty light skinn Beauty just sounds
racist when you say it it sounds like
you're a slave
monster you are a light skinn Beauty
ain't you there's no magic in the world
I can't be a wizard so like what do you
mean is the point Magic you could be a
wizard JC you just got to put your oh
yeah tell me a spell tell me a spell
right now prac enough you haven't practi
yeah you have to go down to the South um
and talk with a couple of guys they're
unsavory people but with enough
dedication to their guys you could
become the grandest wizard of them all
yeah but you have to be like really
dedicated because the Wizards are like
pretty high up in the organization and
they also don't like uh let's say like
Orcs and goblins and and you know and
black people oh Jesus
Christ who can afford butter later than
a knife for the butter I use my long ass
pinky fingernail for the butter one you
wipe your ass with that's not the pinky
no you use the pinky to push your hamway
in you guys need to stop speaking right
oh my
God yeah why don't hate me cuz I'm
relatable isn't that the point of the
long finger now it's for like scraping
[__] out your ass that is that an Indian
thing what are you talking I'm being
serious you need to stop following your
inquisitive mind
places future conversation Toby is
saying like something up and then going
is that an Indian thing was never the
play I'm pretty sure it's real someone
in chat surely going to be like no
that's a real
thing well change gbt I have a really
bad habit of like Shing something online
and then just believing it to be
fact watching a f video about what
president Trump would do if his like 25
year plan whatever came to fruition and
he's like he's going to like take over
the the the jobs or something like
thator I didn't really pay attention I
was watching take over the jobs or
something like that he's working every
single that's why he was at McDonald's
why the garbage guy he's he's planning
on take he's planning on the whole
takeover my grandma told me at my
cousin's wedding that I look like JD
Vance and she meant it as a compliment
but now I'm a little uh I don't know I
don't know how to feel it is a huge huge
compliment how old is your
grandma [__]
96 96 yeah she's there amen that's a
full life
yep is she
single yeah trying to get that graham
cracker
H oh okay never mind I was with you
until that laugh that laugh threw me off
trying to get a taste of those denture
Dentures oh man I'm hung over dude I
went out drinking last night oh yeah oh
go great I went to a erotic burlesque
show with the mes um we were right at
the front of the crowd and towards the
end of the show one of the very
beautiful women pulled me up on stage
put me in a chair and maybe eat Whi
cream of her body and then put whipped
cream in my mouth and then they
blindfolded me they put more cream in my
mouth and then when I open my blindfold
there was a man and a leotard in front
of me
twerking where was
this this is just at a a show in M like
a local theater I would honestly highly
recommend it it was hilarious what the
man no invite what the hell
next time next time just you and me will
go front row seats yeah yeah in the
Splash Zone I got to see some titties as
well that was nice yeah you went with
your girlfriend yeah yeah that's what
I'm still trying to like figure out was
that like a cheating test no she loves
that [__] oh well you guys do seem
adventurous if that's that's kind of the
the date night yeah I watch The Penguin
on Max and eat some popcorn on S that's
what I do well you know it makes a lot
of sense cuz if you got like a very
sexual kind of intense performance you
need some comic relief to make people
laugh and and feel comfortable my girl
comically relieved
me just laughs as you come you pulling
multicolored Rags out of your
[__] wait I've just got in chat gcp to
write a children's book about the
tiniest jizz
oh yeah in the town of zap Del lived a
little creature named zap zap loved to
jump to run to play but sometimes when
he moved he jiz away what does jiz mean
let me explain it's when something
bursts with joy like a happy
rain one day while jumping high in the
air zap got the feeling something's in
there his T rumbled his feet started to
Twitch and suddenly zap he gave the
ground a little flick it wasn't a boom
or a cash or a loud Wham just a tiny
explosion like a soft little bam oh my
God this actually Whimsical
as Dr SE ass [__] man oh dear cried zap
with a worried face I didn't mean to
jizz all over the place other creatures
just laugh with the light zap that was
wonderful what a brilliant sight oh my
God you see City the owl with this class
is so neat sometimes a jizz is a joyful
treat it's not about being big loud or
strong it's about bursting with
happiness all day long
go an what the hell so JC what is the
best Pokemon best Pokemon like in in
what in what way which one which one is
the most submissive small live I got to
say is the world's most [__] Pokemon
looking it up oh my God waa
what in the olive it's only 30 cm
tall I'm going to take you back to my
crack in the wall the [__] out of
you I'm I'mma stuff this Olive with some
cheese when you're stroking on point she
start screaming SM
SM that's all she can say only lasted
three minutes inside of my small live
call that a little
rot What Pokemon do you think is the
best self-lubricating though because
that's important for
me oh dude just stick your cocking Mark
oh my goodness
dude Muk backwards is come well did you
know that have sex mukbang
mukbang of fake Howers recently yeah my
wife being one of
them okay dude she fakes heav their
orgasms I can't please her does not
sound ideal it's actually epic it's
actually
amazing my wife does let me it's
actually pretty Epic
so much more time for
gaming God I just want to get filled up
with blubber and sell it on the
internet I'm so blubber blubber pilled
need me a
BBW a girl with blubber who know how to
blabber if you know what I'm
saying I'm quiet and I like fat
shakes your profile picture of Travis is
reminding me of compilation of uh
Spencer from iali I was watching the
other day maybe it was just this
compilation but that show was pretty
funny man yeah sure some kid shows are
good it's not a kid show it's a young
adult show sorry kind of man in his
right mind goes I'm going to direct a
show about kids oh someone that wants to
look at some feet yeah it's actually
wild all that feet [__] but the animated
ones are up too have you seen the
compilation of all of the times animated
shows have just blatantly included their
fetishes oh really just like like
inflation fetishes like latex like all
these crazy things there was a new
Powerpuff Girls like reboot or whatever
what of the artist kept self-inserting
himself as like Blossom's love interest
these people are weird I mean if you're
animating that's like a you know to be
fair that pretty
horny to be to be fair have you seen
Blossom I mean it's like if you're
spending all this time frame by frame
like she's a Superhero I mean where's
your real power imbalance coming from
[__] Swagger awful yeah yeah it's
horrible look just strike that one from
the record guys it's it's not real it's
a
cartoon I'm sweating now dude Mike Tyson
Jake Paul fight was so crazy people are
given Mike Tyson enough credit he was on
so much rooms he was fighting three Jake
Pauls and he knocked out two of
[Music]
them I love the way he was buying those
gloves man such a cutie patootie why the
was he chewing on his gloves so much he
was teething he was teething he was
teething he's got his mil teth coming
through he's got a
fixation I got I've got an all fixation
I've got an all
fixation everybody underestimate me cuz
I'm a 50y old man I don't give a about
my legacy you're going to be dust
there's going to be nothing left so what
the do I care about Legacy I'm going to
bite this little white boy ear off
you VI win V do you good at that
this
is what's going on man is your C cling
thing ate my card what the hell are you
serious thing ate my card what the
hell hello did somebody call the service
agent yeah man this thing ate mying card
where it's in there in the reader it's
in the card reader put in okay show me
your card I'll see if there's a problem
with it it's inside the
machine it ate my
card hang on shaking
it oh no there it is that's got it oh oh
oh thank you I'll take my skimmer off
yeah oh man oh you better kill this one
oh
[Laughter]
uhoh crazy right you getoun off by
scope kind of looked up a little too
[Music]